README.md, before:

# LoopCube

![LoopCube Logo (Wii U Meta Image)](meta/icon.png)

LoopCube is an open source Survival/Sandbox game written in C++.

It has infinite world generation, a day/night cycle, caves, and more.

Currently it can be compiled with SDL2 and SFML support.

# Screenshots

- *Version 0.3(beta) alpha screenshots*

![v0.3(beta) alpha screenshot 1](meta/screenshot-1.png)

![v0.3(beta) alpha screenshot 2](meta/screenshot-2.png)

# Building
## Linux
Ensure you are in the current directory, if not, textures may not load properly

### SDL2

Requires: `sdl2 sdl2_image sdl2_ttf`

###### If you want to simply run the application in the current directory

Run `make debug` (If you don't supply "debug" then it defaults to debug)

If you would like to build for release, run `make release`

###### If you plan on installing

Run `make DATA_LOCATION=/usr/local/share/loopcube release`

### SFML

Requires: `sfml`

###### If you want to simply run the application in the current directory

Run `make -f Makefile.sfml debug`

If you would like to build for release, run `make -f Makefile.sfml release`

###### If you plan on installing

Run `make -f Makefile.sfml DATA_LOCATION=/usr/local/share/loopcube release`

## MacOS

(((soon)))

Albeit the instructions could be similar to Linux, I am not really sure.

## Windows

(((soon)))

# Installing
## Linux

`sudo make DATA_LOCATION=/usr/local/share/loopcube PREFIX=/usr/local/bin install`

Replace `install` with `uninstall` if you want to remove it.

## MacOS

(((soon)))

## Windows

(((soon)))

# License

Licensed under the MIT license, visit `LICENSE` to view more info.

Commit message:

Add basis for macOS build and install instructions

README.md, after:

# LoopCube

![LoopCube Logo (Wii U Meta Image)](meta/icon.png)

LoopCube is an open source Survival/Sandbox game written in C++.

It has infinite world generation, a day/night cycle, caves, and more.

Currently it can be compiled with SDL2 and SFML support.

# Screenshots

- *Version 0.3(beta) alpha screenshots*

![v0.3(beta) alpha screenshot 1](meta/screenshot-1.png)

![v0.3(beta) alpha screenshot 2](meta/screenshot-2.png)

# Building
## Linux
Ensure you are in the current directory, if not, textures may not load properly

### SDL2

Requires: `sdl2 sdl2_image sdl2_ttf`

###### If you want to simply run the application in the current directory

Run `make debug` (If you don't supply "debug" then it defaults to debug)

If you would like to build for release, run `make release`

###### If you plan on installing

Run `make DATA_LOCATION=/usr/local/share/loopcube release`

### SFML

Requires: `sfml`

###### If you want to simply run the application in the current directory

Run `make -f Makefile.sfml debug`

If you would like to build for release, run `make -f Makefile.sfml release`

###### If you plan on installing

Run `make -f Makefile.sfml DATA_LOCATION=/usr/local/share/loopcube release`

## MacOS

On macOS, LoopCube requires GCC to build. Using the regular Xcode development tools will not work.

If you use Homebrew, you can satisfy the dependencies with this command:
`brew install gcc sdl2 sdl2_image sdl2_ttf`

The instructions for building vary depending on which shell you use.

If you use bash (default on 10.14 and below), run:
`CXX=g++-n make -f Makefile.macos DATA_LOCATION=/usr/local/share/loopcube`

If you use zsh (default on 10.15 and later), run:
`CXX=g++-n; make -f Makefile.macos DATA_LOCATION=/usr/local/share/loopcube`

where *n* is the version of GCC installed by Homebrew.

## Windows

(((soon)))

# Installing
## Linux

`sudo make DATA_LOCATION=/usr/local/share/loopcube PREFIX=/usr/local/bin install`

Replace `install` with `uninstall` if you want to remove it.

## MacOS

`sudo make -f Makefile.macos DATA_LOCATION=/usr/local/share/loopcube PREFIX=/usr/local/bin install`

Replace `install` with `uninstall` if you want to remove it.

## Windows

(((soon)))

# License

Licensed under the MIT license, visit `LICENSE` to view more info.
